edu/stevens/cs522/chat/ui/MessageAdapter.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.ui.MessageAdapter
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.ui.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/HeaderInterceptor.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.HeaderInterceptor
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/work/PostMessageWorker.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.work.PostMessageWorker
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/activities/RegisterActivity.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.activities.RegisterActivity
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/activities/ViewPeerActivity.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.activities.ViewPeerActivity
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/ExcludeStrategy.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.ExcludeStrategy
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/settings/Settings.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.settings.Settings
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/ChatServiceResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceResponse$1
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceResponse$2
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceResponse$ResponseType
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/ui/TextAdapter.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.ui.TextAdapter
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.ui.TextAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.ui.TextAdapter$ViewHolder
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/SynchronizeRequest.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.SynchronizeRequest
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.SynchronizeRequest$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/DummyResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.DummyResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.DummyResponse$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/databases/ChatDatabase.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.databases.ChatDatabase
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/StreamingOutput.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.StreamingOutput
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/util/ParcelableUtil.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.util.ParcelableUtil
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/services/ResultReceiverWrapper.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.services.ResultReceiverWrapper
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.services.ResultReceiverWrapper$IReceive
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/PostMessageRequest.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.PostMessageRequest
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.PostMessageRequest$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/databases/MessageDAO.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.databases.MessageDAO
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/databases/PeerDAO.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.databases.PeerDAO
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/work/SynchronizeWorker.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.work.SynchronizeWorker
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/ChatServiceRequest.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceRequest
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceRequest$1
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceRequest$2
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceRequest$RequestType
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ChatServiceRequest$StatusType
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/activities/ChatActivity.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.activities.ChatActivity
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/SynchronizeResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.SynchronizeResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.SynchronizeResponse$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/location/CurrentLocation.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.location.CurrentLocation
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/entities/Peer.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.Peer
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.Peer$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/entities/InetAddressConverter.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.InetAddressConverter
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/PostMessageResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.PostMessageResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.PostMessageResponse$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/RequestProcessor.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.RequestProcessor
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.RequestProcessor$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/activities/ViewPeersActivity.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.activities.ViewPeersActivity
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/viewmodels/PeerViewModel.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.viewmodels.PeerViewModel
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/Exclude.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.Exclude
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/RegisterResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.RegisterResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.RegisterResponse$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/services/RegisterService.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.services.RegisterService
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/RestMethod.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.RestMethod
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.RestMethod$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/databases/RequestDAO.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.databases.RequestDAO
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/entities/DateConverter.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.DateConverter
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/RegisterRequest.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.RegisterRequest
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.RegisterRequest$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/BuildConfig.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.BuildConfig
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/request/ErrorResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ErrorResponse
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ErrorResponse$1
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.request.ErrorResponse$Status
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/TimestampSerializer.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.TimestampSerializer
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/entities/Message.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.Message
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.entities.Message$1
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/ServerApi.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.ServerApi
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/ChatHelper.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.ChatHelper
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/viewmodels/ChatViewModel.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.viewmodels.ChatViewModel
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/rest/client/StreamingResponse.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.rest.client.StreamingResponse
edu/stevens/cs522/chat/viewmodels/PeersViewModel.java
 edu.stevens.cs522.chat.viewmodels.PeersViewModel
